{'happy' : ["I'm so happy to see you!",
"Oh, how happy I am!",
"That makes me happy.",
"That’s great to hear!",
"Ah I see you are doing well. Keep it up!",
"You sound so pleased. That’s a great attitude to have.",
"Having that kind of mindset helps. It’s wonderful to see you so energetic.",
"I only wish you to stay as happy as you are now for a long time.",
"Great opportunities await you. You will do well.",
"If it makes you happy, that's good enough for me."],

'sadness' : ["You don't sound happy.",
"You don’t need to be so down. You have come a long way. You deserve to be happy.",
"Every cloud has a silver lining. You should buckle up and attack!",
"It's so sad reading about it.",
"That's kind of sad.",
"In what sad circumstances we meet again!",
"Hugs my dear friend. You can do it!",
"Believe in yourself. You deserve all the good things in the world.",
"You were born to accomplish great things in life. Chin up!",
"This too shall pass. Don’t give up yet."
],

'fear' : ["Don’t be afraid. Darr Ke Aage Jeet hai!",
"Don’t be afraid to fail, be afraid to not try."
"Most people are paralyzed by fear, overcome it and you can take charge of your life and the world.",
"The future may be scary but you cannot run back to the past either. Prepare yourself and face it with all your might."
"There cannot be a greater error than the fear so generally prevalent as to the overissue of assignats.",
"Nelson Mandela once said that, The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.",
"Marie Curie once said that, 'Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.' You can do it my friend.",
"If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.",
"Thinking will not overcome fear but action will."
"Where fear is, happiness is not. So be fearless, be happy!"
],

'surprise' : ["Why do you think so?",
"Tell me more about it.",
"Why does that surprise you?",
"What do you think should have happened?",
"Do you believe this?",
"I am so clever; at times I surprise myself! You sound so surprised, what’s up?",
"Can you elaborate about that surprising incident?"
"What makes that so surprising?",
"Isnt that shocking to hear? Fill me in about it.",
"Sometimes, life comes with many surprises. I believe you just encountered one!",
"It is always a pleasant surprise to see you surprised."
],


'anger' : ["Calm down. That should not have happened, but its already spilt milk.",
"Tell me more about the incident, I am all ears.",
"Dont keep it all bottled up.",
"The anger is quite evident in your words.",
"In times of great stress or adversity, its always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive.",
"You cannot see your reflection in boiling water, similarly you cannot see the truth in a state of anger. Calm down and lets think it over again.",
"Getting angry doesnt solve anything. Get mad and then get over it.",
"Anger begins with folly, and ends with repentance.",
"Even though your anger may be perfectly justified, you are the one who suffers by carrying around that anger.",
"Anger doesnt solve anything. It builds nothing but can destroy everything. So think patiently once again.",
"Anger is your biggest enemy. Control it!",
"Holding onto anger is like drinking poison and expecting the other person.",
"If you hate a person, then you are defeated by them."
],

'love' : ["Oh that is lovely! You sure are on cloud nine.",
"Glad to hear that!",
"I believe you had a great time. Enjoy the company you get to the fullest.",
"Love is something like the clouds that were in the sky before the sun came out.",
"You sure are lucky! Have a great time.",
"Oh I am sure I would love them too!",
"You sound so energetic! Is love in the air?",
"Oh! Your words are so sweet to hear! What have you been up to?",
"Sometimes all you need is a hug from the right person and all your stress will melt away.",
"Its always better when we are together."
]}


